**Icon License agreement**

This license agreement is between Ibexa AS (Norwegian business
registration no. 981 601 564), a Norwegian company ("**Licensor**" or
"**Ibexa**") and the user ("**Licensee**" or "**you**").

This license agreement is accepted by you by your download or use of
Ibexa Open Source ("**Software**") licensed under GNU General Public License v.
2 ("**GPL**") and covers your use of the icons from Webalys LLC, New
Hampshire, USA, used in the graphical user interface of the Software.
Use of these icons are not covered by the GPL.

Definitions
===========

"Icons" means the symbols or graphic representation displayed on a
screen of graphical icons used for user experience and navigation
purposes in the user interface of the Software.

"Software License Agreement" or "GPL" means the separate license
agreement entered into between the parties for your use of the Software
(not the Icons).

Duration
========

The duration of this license agreement corresponds to the duration of
the Software License Agreement.

License grant
=============

You may
-------

Licensor grants you a limited, non-exclusive, time-limited and
non-transferable right to install and use the Icons together with the
Software. Hereunder you may:

(a) modify and distribute the Software as stipulated in the GPL, and

(b) replace any Icons (but not modify the Icons).

You may not
-----------

You may use the Icons only as expressly granted in section 3.1.

Without limiting the foregoing, Licensee may not:

(a) make enhancements or other modifications to the Icons;

(b) give, lease, relicense, sell, make available or distribute the Icons
    *separately* to any third party;

(c) copy the Icons separate from the Software onto any public or
    distributed network; or

(d) change any rights notices which appear in or with the Icons,
    including in file(s) the Icons are located.

Price
=====

You may use the Icons free of charge, subject to the terms of this Icon
License Agreement.

Termination
===========

Licensor may terminate this license immediately if you are in breach any
of its provisions and such breach remains uncured 14 days after receipt
of notice. In the event that you are or becomes liquidated, dissolved,
bankrupt or insolvent, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or is to
take any action to be so declared, Licensor may terminate this license
immediately.

Intellectual property rights
============================

Licensee agrees that the copyright and all other intellectual property
and proprietary rights of whatever nature in the Icons are not by this
license transferred to you.

Disclaimer of warranties
========================

The Icons are licensed "as is," without any warranties whatsoever.
Licensor expressly disclaims, and licensee expressly waives, all
warranties, whether express or implied, including warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement,
system integration, non-interference and accuracy of informational
content. Licensor does not warrant that the Icons will meet licensee\'s
requirements or that the operation of the Icons will be uninterrupted or
error-free, or that errors will be corrected. The entire risk of the
Icons' quality and performance is with licensee.

Indemnification
===============

Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold Licensor harmless against any
damage or loss (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) related to any
claim based upon:

\(a\) use of the Icons in a manner prohibited under this license;

\(b\) changes made, or actions taken, by Licensor upon Licensee\'s
direct instructions.

Miscellaneous
=============

Governing law
-------------

This License shall be deemed to have been executed in Norway and shall
be governed by the laws of Norway, without regard to any conflict of law
provisions. Exclusive legal venue is Oslo.

Update of terms
---------------

The Licensor may from time to time issue new versions of this license.
Unless you within 30 days from when you were first made aware or should
have become aware of the new license has not made reservations directed
at Licensor in writing, such new version of the license shall be deemed
as accepted by you.
